and women who want to be called
perfection itself is beautiful and intelligent and
successful and happy and of course ready
reveal my secrets is I boldly say
about my guests today
one of the most beautiful women in the world ex
model business woman and caring mom
Meet vlada litovchenko latex hail
Hello, I am very glad that you today
we are visiting because watching
you it is a pleasure to communicate it
the second is pleasure but the third which
you will deliver it to us today this secret
beauty yes how did you take that step on
the podium that led you to the end
all that you have now
when I was sitting with a small child at home
and only the first contests appeared
beauty appeared first Ukrainian
designers and I just watched with a stack
behind those collections with these beautiful
girls who showed
collections or worn on their heads
crowns of beauty queens well of course I and
I could not think about what I
someday I will not be among you
I understand that you are pretty
I didn't think about it because
The moment I had a completely different mode and
the rhythm of life that is it first of all
little baby and taking care of him
teaching school choir and and so on
so on I know that at that moment when
you got your first title as
beauty queen is your spouse at all
This was not happy down she choosing
or a podium well, something like that
the moment then let's say I prefer all the same
I do not know the podium today
my spouse would say either a contest or
family I would definitely make a choice in
family benefit
and it depends on the person who is near
with you or whatever you are on
moment yulia eat i think it depends
life path from the fact that we
dictated by this what we need
strive that is that moment wanted
so and on this path towards beauty and
you found excellence for yourself
some secrets and now I understand
that one of them is with us today
share up to what it will be it will be
miraculous mask she is suitable for
all skin types
that is, this mask is based on which oats
The composition of this mask includes olive oil
lemon juice
cream yolk is sure to start we
take the yolk
which is known to nourishes moisturizes and
smoothes wrinkles next component
this is olive oil which is in ancient
Greece called liquid gold and in
Greece, I know that in beauty salons this
olive oil still and moisturize
and skin and hair and therefore Greek women
always look great
olive oil but we do it like this
All that can be done from the principle
but somewhere so means we need 1
teaspoon olive oil
so cream cream
This is also a special cosmetology product.
why because cream
feed need fat take yes we need
take greasy cream and also cream
still a very good natural moisturizer
that is, we mask nourishes moisturizes
rejuvenates and smoothes small awnings
also clears yes but i don't know by the way how
do you think how old girls are
I need to look after myself
that girls from adolescence
should care for themselves about this should
tell them mom or mentor a
yours can you how old are mine now
my daughters are 13 years old and 23 mean cream
we will need half a teaspoon
so this is our lemon juice which
whitens the skin and tightens the pores too
very well cleanses and also vitamin c
there is vitamin c up but of course with
lemon juice must be very
careful why because those
women who may be allergic to
lemon juice meaning we can refuse
from this ingredient a half teaspoon
lemon juice well that's what's in the environment
model very tough competition what
there you know can pour needles
break the dresses there put the bandwagon
it's all true to my modeling practice
that period when I headed
largest agency of models
there were no such stories therefore I don’t know
this is why it comes up probably
to frighten those girls
who just want to be a model already or
so that not everyone goes there
so I stirred your permission here
a little bit one of the important components is
honey that is known that honey in nature
yes that is a very good product
antioxidant that removes toxins
that help our skin be here
so radiant beautiful and healthy and we
add half a teaspoon of honey when
Provided that no allergies are desirable
check the day on the tender skin parts there
example in the back of the hand but
now when one is your daughter
almost adults for 23 years
and the second very young schoolgirl they are
sure to talk to you about
how do they see their future life
the eldest daughter she has already received
education she works a little
schoolgirl and while we have a period
definition
but this is understandable, but there is certainly some
moments when she tells you models
mother in model or actress and what are you
so you say yes no
Seed for some reason, no, not 2 do not want
to be a model dt 6 but what then
options teacher of music after all
the eldest daughter was educated
international PR specialist
Kristina as far as I know what she wants to be
clothing designer
however, I would like her to be
plastic surgeons dates that listening
women plastic surgeons this
I think there is quite rare to this
rarely, well, not braids. with so on
profession for women and also very
creative interesting with a lot
I am starting with a lot of people
stir it all and I can say that
here it is the liquid we will need
knock in to try to foam but i know what
in your life but at dawn let's say
girlhood was once a girl but I
I imagine you are a beauty but you
told in many interviews what is not
that you were not perceived like that
This may be the first I had others
landmark goals it's all serious
doing music and time on
looking at yourself in the mirror is not at all
it was about boys too
I did not watch the boys
even if it doesn't look i just don't
for citizens and they keep me
recorded because I studied well
we got this liquid here
mixture
which we have to add oats is one
tablespoon is the main ingredient
which makes our mask rejuvenate
contains beta glucan throughout
beauty products for effect
rejuvenation is used exactly
beta glucan this scary word sounds
somehow uncomfortable but at the same time it
natural antioxidant
This mask can be done both in the morning and then
you will have fresh blooming
cheerful look and evening that is
forever I thought that it was so
function
relaxation and nutritional function which we
attributed to our miraculous
ingredients and drug which
contained here so on cleansed skin
we
thickly put on this mask
strongly neck too generously necessarily around the neck
and if that's enough for the decollete area then
free state need to lie down minutes
15 20 Damascus relax and then wash off
warm water how often do you need it
enjoys this brain can enjoy
twice a week and preferably of course
everyone can take a course this
four weeks minimum but once again wanted
would warn a woman that she
contains 2
allergenic drug is lemon juice and
so please be careful
if the process of the time that you
be masked you will have some
unpleasant side effects such as
there is a tingling or reddening of the skin
or itch definitely go right away and
rinse to prepare express
masks we need ground oatmeal
flakes
olive oil cream raw yolk honey
and lemon juice we mix all this and put
on the skin for 20 minutes, wash off warm
knock out
thank you very much today
nicely